Good morning.
Welcome and thank you for coming.
I'm Paul Kopacki.
I manage the ADC web team.
I'm here to talk to you about
how to be a power user of the
Apple Developer Connection.
This is a topic that's really important
to me and to all my colleagues,
'cause we work very hard to make
the Apple Developer Connection
valuable to you as developers.
So it's very important to us that
you utilize it to its fullest,
all the things we do.
We want you to get the most out
of Apple Developer Connection.
And...and I don't have a clicker.
Can I just do this?
I can.
So what is Apple Developer Connection?
It's a set of programs designed
to meet the needs of different
parts of the developer community.
It's your way to interface with Apple.
It's your way to partner with us,
to work with us, to communicate with us,
to get our help and support.
That's what these programs are all about.
And we've got a variety of
programs at different levels,
from the online program,
which is free and primarily focused
on providing information resources,
to the top-of-the-line Premier program,
which includes a ticket to your
favorite conference in mind,
WWDC.
We also have a student developer program,
which is aimed at college and university
students and helping them become the
next generation of great Mac developers.
Oh, there's my clicker.
I forgot that.
So, inside these programs are many,
many benefits and services and
resources that should be useful to you.
There's content, there's great content,
great technical content, support,
ways to communicate with us,
ways to access the developer community,
training.
It just goes on and on.
It really is a lot.
It's a little bit overwhelming,
or at least that was the
intention of that build.
But there's a lot there.
We're not going to cover it all today.
It's way too much to
cover in one session.
We're going to just hit some highlights,
some things that we know
you need to know about,
and that'll make you more
successful developers.
And I encourage you to explore all of
these other features after the session.
And behind all this, behind the programs,
behind the features, are the people.
I took some time to just tally up the
number of full-time people associated
with Apple Developer Connection,
either within developer relations,
within software engineering,
other parts of Apple.
And it was more than 200.
It was almost 200,
and I probably missed a few.
So that's a sign of Apple's
commitment to the developer community.
Like I said, all of these people,
it's really important to us that you
utilize the Apple Developer Connection
to the fullest so you're
successful on the platform.
The one thing all these
people have in common,
many varied talents,
many varied different
kinds of experience,
the one thing they all
have in common is... is...
Focused on Developer Success.
And to get back to my original question,
what is Apple Developer Connection,
that really is at the core of it.
We are focused on developer success.
That's what we're all about.
So that's what I'm here
to talk to you about,
hopefully make you a power user
of the Apple Developer Connection,
get more out of what
we're providing for you.
So let's go over the agenda a little bit.
Powerful new technologies
like universal binaries,
Xcode, Core Data, Core Image, Spotlight,
these create great
developer opportunities.
You guys know that.
But they also create great
developer information needs,
and you know that as well.
So the first part of our presentation,
we're going to talk about
how you can keep up to date,
how you can use the information resources
that the Apple Developer Connection
provides to keep you up to
date and current with all the
latest technology information.
And then continuing on that theme,
we're going to talk about how Xcode and
the ADC Reference Library integrate.
ADC members have always
had great access to Xcode.
The latest releases have been
easily available and quickly
downloadable to ADC members.
And with the release of Xcode 2,
the connection between Xcode
and ADC got even tighter,
in that the ADC Reference Library is
now tightly integrated within Xcode.
So we're going to do a little
demo up here to show you how
some of those features work,
and we're going to explain
how it's great to be,
it's better to be both an Xcode
user and an ADC member together.
After that, we're going to bring up
my friend Mike Korte.
He's a developer within the ADC team.
So he's going to talk to developer
to developer about some of the
really big benefits we provide,
things like pre-release
software downloads,
technical support, compatibility labs.
Probably you know a little bit
about some of these benefits,
but he's going to talk in depth
about what we're doing there.
These are things you really
need to be taking advantage
of to make the most of ADC.
And last, ADC support doesn't end
when the coding ends.
We have a lot of programs,
a lot of marketing services
available to help you be successful
in business and in the marketplace.
It's more than just coding,
as you all know.
You've got to make a
living at doing this,
and ADC goes out of its way to provide
benefits and services that will help
make you successful in the market.
So with that, let's get started.
If there's one thing that I want
you to take away from today,
one thing would be to visit
this page at least once a week,
ideally a couple times a week.
Why?
Because if there's any new information
for developers that exists,
if there's any new information or news,
it's going to be on this page.
If there's new sample code,
if there's new documentation published,
you can find out about it here.
And if there are any new
ADC benefits or features,
services that will be useful to you--
and I can tell you that we have a
few new ones that are in progress,
and you should see us roll out soon--
you're going to find out about them here.
So this is really the place to visit.
It's just a web page, easy to visit.
I'm going to take on a little tour of it,
though, just to show you how,
with about 60 seconds spent on this page,
you can be sure that you're up to date
and current on what's going on with ADC.
So the first thing I'll call your
attention to is the banner graphic.
This gets the prime
real estate on the page,
and this is where we
put our Uber message.
So right now, the Uber message is well
known to all of you,
because you're here at WWC and you
heard Steve say it in the keynote.
That's the ultimate
Uber message platform.
But every week is not WWC week.
There's 51 other weeks of the year,
and we use this space to
get across the big message.
So it might be about WWC, launching,
special pricing on membership programs,
other offers like that.
Obviously, this is a five-second thing.
It's going to catch your eye
if I'm doing my job right,
and it's a good way to see sort of the
big things we're trying to tell you.
And that was not supposed to happen.
Battery?
Maybe I should take the
battery out and put it back in.
That works for me sometimes.
Okay, having a little technical
difficulties here.
They're working on it back there.
I'm getting hand signals
I can't understand.
So it's a little like karaoke up here.
Can you put the police back on?
Because I know all the
words to all those songs.
He's doing what I said.
He's just switching the batteries.
[Transcript missing]
Is keyboard going to work?
Mouse is not working.
Houston, we have a problem.
Still not working.
Yeah.
That didn't work either.
If I'd known this was going to happen,
I would have prepared some jokes.
Okay, all right.
Cool, thank you.
Sorry about that.
So the next thing I want
to call your attention to,
the 60 seconds you spent on
this page gets a lot longer if
you have technical problems.
Your mileage may vary.
The next section on this page
I want to call your attention to
is the feature content section.
This is where we publish
technical articles.
We publish about a new
article every week,
usually on Monday or Tuesday.
A quick scan here to see what the
latest articles are is a great
way to keep up on some nice,
light reading,
some key technology topics.
The articles here,
they're generally short.
They're written in a very casual
developer-to-developer style,
tend to be easy reading,
and they're almost always focused
on developer opportunities,
new technologies to explore,
new ways of using existing technologies,
teaching you things hopefully that
you may not have known about or
may have known about but hadn't
thought about quite this way.
We also do some developer
success stories here,
too.
So if you're doing something
really interesting with
technology on our platform,
we may do a success story about you.
So a quick scan here.
If there's anything you're
interested in and you have the time,
click through and read it.
If not, bookmark it for later.
Next up is headlines.
It is what it is titled.
This is where we put the
news headlines of the day.
The latest documentation
and sample code is here.
This is something we've heard again
and again from developers is that many
developers said they have these mental
maps of the resource collections.
So they really want to
know when something is new,
when something is added.
It helps them add them
to their mental map.
And then they know what's in the library.
So a great thing to do is just
check the headline section.
At the top,
you see a little section which we
call the hot topic section internally.
Sometimes we call it Hot Pockets,
but that's another story.
Here is a place for other news
that isn't really banner worthy.
These are temporary links
that wouldn't otherwise have a
permanent link on the home page.
So you can see WWC is there and
the Tiger Developer overview,
a few other things.
And then below,
a whole load of documentation
was published this week
right after the keynote.
And you can see the
beginnings of it here.
So also on the page,
you'll see in two different places
those little blue lozenges you're
seeing all over the Apple web
kingdom and all around the web.
These are our RSS,
links to our RSS feeds.
If you're not using RSS,
I recommend you check it out.
It's an alternative to visiting websites.
Some people like it.
Some people like to use a newsreader,
like Net Newswire.
That's a cool way to do it.
What you get is you get
basically just the headlines,
and you don't get any of my pretty
graphics or any of that other stuff
I spend so much time on on this page.
But it is a great service,
and if you're using Safari,
one of my favorite features in
Safari 2 is the RSS feature,
which lets you get an RSS view
of any of these pages.
Basically, it clears away the clutter and
you get straight to the news.
I'm pleased to announce that this week
we rolled out topic-specific RSS feeds.
Again, this was in response
to developer requests.
We've been told that, you know,
developers say, "Hey, you know what?
I know Java stuff is important,
but I'm not a Java developer.
I'm a Cocoa developer.
When you tell me-- you
give me news about Java,
it's just noise.
What I want is Cocoa.
Maybe I want graphics and imaging." Well,
topic-specific RSS feeds are a way
to just focus in on what are your
specific interests and to filter
out the stuff that might not be
relevant to what your work is.
So that's it.
That's the 60-second
tour of the home page.
When you're done with that,
you're up to date, you're current,
you know what's going
on in the ADC world,
you know what's going on in
terms of Mac development,
it's probably time to start working.
So this is a page-- I've
got to stop doing that.
This is a page where, as I said,
it's a jumping-off point
to all ADC resources.
So if it's time to start researching your
next project to check out technologies
that you might want to build into
your app or to learn something new,
we really provide two ways to
get in deep on the technologies.
The first are the Topics pages.
The Topics pages,
they provide the broad overview.
They give you the context
for the technologies.
They tend to be aggregated
pages with lots of links to
all of Apple's resources,
as well as sometimes
third-party resources.
You'll find links to
the mailing lists here,
related resources, that sort of stuff.
It's a great place if you're
coming cold to a technology,
you don't know much about it,
you want that context,
you want to understand how it relates
to all the other technologies.
And what it might do for you,
how you might use it.
The alternate path, though,
is to go straight to
the Reference Library.
This is, again, another thing developers
have told us again and again.
Many developers prefer to go
straight to the sample code,
straight to the API doc.
That's the way they
rock a new technology.
They want to see the code,
they want to see the API reference.
So Reference Library is the
quick way to get to there.
[Transcript missing]
Thank you.
Hello.
My name is Melina Kirsch,
and I'm a writer in Apple's
Technical Publications Department,
and I want to talk to you a little
bit about the ADC Reference Library,
what it is, and in particular,
how you can take advantage of it
within Xcode to find and access
information quickly and easily so
you have all you need to know about
Apple's APIs and technologies.
So, first,
what is the ADC Reference Library?
Well,
it's an integrated collection of Apple's
technical resources designed to help you
learn about and adopt Apple technologies,
and it includes a number of
resources such as documentation,
tech notes, Q&As, release notes,
and sample code.
So, currently,
there are over 2,200 documents
in the Reference Library,
not including our legacy
technology information.
And, you know,
I'm going to talk a little bit
about the ADC Reference Library.
So, first,
what is the ADC Reference Library?
Well,
it's an integrated collection of Apple's
technical resources designed to help you
learn about and adopt Apple technologies,
and it includes a number of
resources such as documentation,
tech notes, Q&As, release notes,
and sample code.
So, currently,
there are over 2,200 documents
in the Reference Library,
not including our legacy
technology information.
And they're available
in both PDF and HTML.
That's over 3 gigabytes of technical
information for you to research
and implement your project.
And we're constantly adding and updating
the ADC Reference Library content.
For Tiger,
we added over 200 new and updated
documents and pieces of sample code.
Just this week, we added another 100
new and updated pieces.
So that's a lot of information for
you to sort through when you're
trying to get your job done.
Well, to help you find answers quickly,
get on with your coding,
stay focused on your code,
we've integrated the
ADC Reference Library with Xcode.
What does this mean for you?
Well,
it means that you can browse and search
documentation without leaving your code.
Xcode supports both quick
API lookup to get you directly to
the documentation for a symbol,
as well as several types of
full-text search to help you find
things with more general queries.
And there are also shortcuts from
the code editor that let you do these
searches directly from your code.
Of course, I mentioned that we're
always updating the content.
Well,
how do you know that you have the latest
and greatest information in Xcode?
We supply downloadable
documentation updates for this.
So every time we refresh the content
on the ADC Reference Library online,
we also make an update available.
Xcode can automatically detect when
one is available and notify you.
So all you have to do is log in,
download it.
Your local content never gets stale.
You always know that what you have
in Xcode is the same thing that's
on the ADC Reference Library online.
So, by default,
we do not actually install all
three gigabytes of information
on your local machine.
That would be excessive.
So, to help you find and access all
this information from within Xcode,
Some documentation, such as sample code,
Xcode lets you choose where you want
it to look for that information.
So, for example, you can go to the web,
that's the default behavior,
or you can have it use the
ADC Reference Library DVD.
So if you're on an airplane,
or you don't otherwise have
an internet connection,
you can have it look
for documentation there.
So that's a brief overview
of the features of Xcode.
Now let's take a little closer
look at how you might go about
finding information in Xcode.
So I have here a very simple project.
It's actually a standard application
template that you can use with--
that you get for free with Xcode.
And it's a core data application,
and it uses a spotlight importer.
So, as developers,
you probably spend most of
your time in the code editor.
So let's start there.
I have here a very simple function that
you also get for free with the project
template that grabs metadata from my core
data document for use with Spotlight.
So the interesting thing
here is probably this method,
metadata for persistent store with URL.
How do I learn more about that?
Well, I can do that simply by selecting
the method name and choosing help,
Find Selected Text in API Reference.
You'll notice that Xcode brings up
the documentation window and performs
an API search to take me directly to
the documentation for that method.
You can also do the same
thing from the code editor,
using Option + Double Click.
So now that I'm here,
I may want to find more information about
other symbols declared in this class.
You may be familiar with
Xcode's function pop-up.
Well, the documentation window
has something similar.
I can use this pop-up menu to see all
of the symbols documented in this page.
So to jump to any one of them,
I simply select it from the menu.
Xcode takes me right there.
So I can find information on
any symbol simply by typing
it into the search field.
So let me do another one.
Object for key.
You'll notice that as I type,
Xcode filters the list
of matching symbols.
Of course,
you'll see I have some Java symbols
as well as Objective-C symbols.
Well, for example,
I'm an Objective-C programmer,
and I may want to focus only
on the Objective-C symbols.
Xcode lets you add additional
documentation filters so that
you can focus on the results
that are most relevant to you.
So in this case,
if I want to filter out the Java symbols,
I click the "Configure Options" button,
Deselect the languages
I don't want to see.
Click OK.
And now you'll see that all
I have are Objective-C symbols.
So far, I've been focusing primarily
on reference material.
But what if, for instance,
I wanted some more general
information about a subject?
For example, Spotlight is relatively new.
Well,
Xcode also supports full-text search,
several types of full-text search.
By default, it's an exact match search.
To perform a full-text search,
I select full-text search from the
search menu and just type in my query.
In this case,
I'm going to look for metadata.
Hit Return, and I have my search results.
So there's some interesting stuff here,
but you'll notice I also have some
hits in the QuickTime API reference.
Those may not be
particularly relevant to me.
I've actually been searching the entire
ADC reference library this whole time.
I can further narrow my search, however,
according to the technology categories.
And these are the same categories
that Paul was mentioning earlier.
In this case, I want to focus on Cocoa,
so I simply select Cocoa in
the search groups list.
And I can perform my search again.
And now I get a much more
focused set of results.
Including a tutorial on using
Spotlight with Core Data.
You can select it,
go to the documentation, scroll down,
see it's got a lot of great
content and some code snippets.
So, another thing you might be
interested in is sample code.
In particular,
say I'm interested in finding
out what new and updated sample
code is available for Cocoa.
Well, to do this,
I'm going to click the Back button.
New in Xcode 2.1,
the documentation window now has back
and forward buttons that function just
as your regular browser buttons do.
It was a request we heard often.
So that takes me back to the reference
library landing page for Cocoa.
And I'm going to use the Jump To menu
to take me directly to the sample code.
So here I am, and I'll scroll down.
I see in the new and updated sidebar that
there's some fairly recent sample code,
and I can click one.
As I mentioned before,
sample code is not installed locally.
So, in this case,
Xcode takes me to Safari and goes
to the ADC reference library online.
Well, for instance, what if I were,
you know,
traveling somewhere and I didn't have
-- I did not have Internet access,
but I did have a DVD.
Well, I can have Xcode use that DVD.
And to do so, let me go back to Xcode.
I just open up the Preferences window,
and in the Documentation pane,
there's a table, Extended Locations,
and this is the list of all
of the locations that Xcode
uses when it accesses content
that it does not find locally.
So to add a location,
I simply click the plus button,
select my DVD,
select the ADC Reference Library folder,
and click Add.
And of course,
I want Xcode to look at this DVD first,
before going to the web,
so I drag it to the top.
Xcode actually looks at these
locations in the order in
which they appear in the table.
So I'll click Apply to apply my changes.
I can go back to the
Documentation window.
And now you'll notice that when
I click on the sample code,
it opens within the Documentation window,
because it's accessing it from the DVD.
So the preferences window is also
where you set your preferences
for documentation updates.
You can have Xcode check weekly, daily,
or monthly, or you can check manually by
clicking the "Check Now" button,
which I'm going to do.
So this is the notification that you see
when a documentation update is available.
If you click "Download," it'll take
you to the ADC member site login,
where you can log in, get the download,
and install it.
I am not going to show you that now,
in the interest of time.
One last thing that I want to show
you is a feature that we've just
added to the ADC Reference Library.
I'm going to go back to
the documentation page.
We really hope you find
what you're looking for,
but sometimes you might not.
Well, we've just added links to all
of our documentation pages
for you to give us feedback.
Scroll to the bottom and you'll see
that there are a number of links here.
And to give us feedback,
you can report typos, inaccuracies,
or tell us what you would
like to see more of.
So to do that,
you just click on the link that describes
how you felt about the documentation,
and it takes you to a page
similar to the following,
which you can fill out
and then send to us.
We review this feedback daily,
and in fact,
a number of the documents that
we released with this latest web
update incorporated some of the
feedback we've already received.
So, I encourage you all to go and tell
us what you would like to see,
what you liked, what works for you.
We're constantly trying to
improve the ADC Reference Library,
and this is your chance to help us
make it better and ensure that you
have the information that you need.
So, that was a short tour of the
ADC Reference Library in Xcode.
There are a number of features here
that we hope make you more productive,
help you find answers quickly,
so that you can spend more time coding
and less time looking for documentation.
And with that,
I would like to...
Can we switch the slides,
please?
Thank you.
With that,
I would like to bring out my colleague,
Mike Korte, who is here to talk to you
about other ways in which the
ADC can help you be successful.
Thank you, Melina.
Hi, my name is Mike Korte.
I'm the systems architect for
the Apple Developer Connection,
and I also lead the team of engineers
who work on the ADC member site.
Before coming to Apple,
I was an in-house developer,
as well as a third-party developer who
was shipping a shrink-wrapped product,
and I'm going to talk today about
some of the other ADC benefits that
I've used throughout my career that
I know will help make you successful.
Um.
Paul and Melina have talked
about the ADC Reference Library,
and that can help you most of the
way to complete an application.
But there are those times when
you reach a certain point at which
you can't figure out a problem,
or it just doesn't make sense
for you to spin your wheel,
spend your time trying to
figure out the problem.
This week you've been able to go up to
engineers in orange shirts and tap them
on the shoulder and ask a question.
Wouldn't you love to do that year-round?
Developer technical
support lets you do that.
When you have a developer
technical support incident in
your ADC member site account,
you can email a question
to DTS@apple.com.
That email can, of course,
include any attachments,
like sample code or code
snippets or a sample application
that illustrates your problem.
That email will be routed to
the appropriate DTS engineer.
DTS engineers are experts in their field.
Not only that,
they can bring to bear all of
Apple's operating system hardware
engineering as well as other technical
resources to help solve your problem.
The support incidents aren't
just to the conclusion,
aren't just a simple question
and answer where you ask one
question and you get an answer.
There can be a dialogue back and forth.
It's to the satisfactory
conclusion of your issue.
With the technical support
and the reference library,
you can complete an
application and successfully
The other half of creating an
application is the testing.
You need to test on all of
the hardware and software
that your customers will have.
Where do you get all of those versions,
for example, of the operating system
that you need to test on?
The developer downloads of
the ADC member site is your
access to all of that software.
When you have a seed key in
your member site account,
you have access to all of the release
versions of the operating system.
Currently,
that's from 10.2 through 10.4.1.
You also have access to other software
that can help in your testing,
such as XSAN or WebObjects
and other software.
But more importantly,
when you have a product,
you need to be testing your
current applications on software
your customers will have.
And the ADC member site is where
you can come to get the ADC software
that you need to test on.
You can come to get versions
of pre-release software.
How many of you were testing with
Spotlight or Core Image or Dashboard
before the release of Tiger?
We started seeding Tiger last November.
So if you're truly taking advantage of
what an ADC membership has to offer,
you're using your seed keys,
you're getting to your engineers,
and you're helping them get the
software they need to test your
applications and be successful.
The other half of testing is
testing on the hardware that
your customers will have.
We all go through the develop
test cycle on our local machine,
testing on the OS and testing
on the hardware we have.
And the hardware discount program
gives your company access to
a limited amount of hardware.
But you can't possibly maintain an
inventory of all the past hardware
that your customers might have.
Oh, sorry.
I skipped the whole flagship section.
We know that downloads
are important to you.
So last fall,
we upgraded our developer download
network to a content delivery
network with worldwide coverage.
We also switched from FTP to HTTP so
you can do restarts in Safari as well
as use your preferred download manager.
This investment in you has allowed
us to serve over 150,000 customers.
We've also been able to deliver over
156 terabytes of developer downloads.
Just this week, since the keynote,
we've served over almost
19 terabytes of data,
peaked out at just shy of 3 gigabits,
which is about like an Xcode
download every 2 to 3 seconds.
So we're real happy to
provide that to you.
So as I was saying,
ADC compatibility labs.
Give you access to a wide
variety of Apple hardware.
There are labs in Cupertino, Tokyo,
and Beijing.
The labs in Cupertino
are the flagship labs.
They have the most hardware
with over 200 systems.
Everything from the original
beige G3 Power Mac through the
latest 2.7 gigahertz Power Macs.
They also have a complete collection
of high performance computing hardware.
XServe, XServe Cluster, X-Rate,
as well as the software that
goes with that such as XSAN.
When you book time in the labs,
you can ask for certain configurations,
combinations of hardware and software.
All of the versions of Mac OS X,
both the US versions as well
as the international versions,
and then all of the
Apple software like iLife,
iWork,
and all of the Pro apps for your testing.
I encourage you to visit the
labs while you're at the show.
They're on the other hall.
And I know that between
the reference library,
the developer technical support,
developer downloads,
and the ADC compatibility labs,
if you're taking advantage of all of
those things that the ADC has to offer,
you'll create truly
successful applications.
But ADC doesn't just stop with
those technical resources.
Here to talk about some of the business
services and go-to-market services
ADC has to offer is Ed Preysic.
Thank you, Mike.
I'm Ed Prasek, Senior Manager of
Developer Business Services in
Apple's Worldwide Developer Relations.
And, you know,
the one mantra of everything we do
in Developer Relations is helping
you be as successful as possible.
You guys have spent a ton of time
developing your applications,
and they're great applications,
and we want you to be as successful as
possible in the marketplace and earn
a really good livelihood from that.
We're not talking just a little.
We want you guys to make a lot of money.
Lots of it.
Your success helps determine our success.
The more successful you are,
the more you can continue to come
out with the great applications
that you have over the years for
the platform and continue to do so.
And, of course,
that's what continues to drive
the platform to greater heights.
Some of the things that we have available
to help you do that starts with,
say, coding services.
You guys might be a smaller developer,
don't have a lot of
engineering staff on hand,
or you might be a developer from
another platform looking to bring your
application over to the Mac platform,
and you need some services.
Well, we've hooked up with some of the
industry's leading engineering
firms to help you do your coding.
And the best thing about these guys is
they really understand the Mac platform.
They understand the Macintosh experience.
They understand what
customers are looking for.
The Mac is more than
just the machine itself.
It's about the experience,
as you guys know.
They really understand how to deliver
that to the customer and really
make sure that your customers are
experiencing the true solution experience
that the Mac platform has to offer.
The best thing is that we've
negotiated discounts with
these firms for all you guys.
So all selected Premier members
can take advantage of really
good discounts from these firms.
So you got your code written, it's great,
everything's ready to go,
and now it's time to
deliver that interface.
Well, you know,
you guys may be brilliant at the coding,
and you all are,
but not everyone's a graphic artist
or an interface artist or knows
how to design the best icons.
And the interface is equally a
specific type of experience when
they're using the applications,
and the look and the feel that that
application provides is paramount to an
application's success in the marketplace.
So again,
some of the industry's finest provide
their services at discounts to you
guys to make sure that that application
that you've been working so hard
on delivers exactly what you were
intending to deliver to your audiences.
And like I said, again, discounts for the
selected Premier members.
So you got your application finished,
and it's time to deploy it.
Where are you going to deploy it?
Is it going to be just in your local geo,
or are you going to
look to do it worldwide?
If you go worldwide,
you're not going to want to
just do language translation.
You want to make sure that you're taking
advantage of the cultural differences
of the geos that you're going to be
distributing your product through.
And again,
we have some more firms here that
specialize in making sure that
your application is translated and
localized for your specific geos
and are in accordance with the
user experience that Mac users are
accustomed to in those specific geos.
Some of these firms have been in
the Mac platform for a long time.
Others are relatively new
coming into the Mac platform,
but they really understand the
geographies where the Mac platform
is relevant and emerging.
So take advantage of it.
And again, these are all discounted
services for you guys as well.
And that's just the tip.
There's over 140 different
programs that you can select from,
and all of these programs come
with a discount and provide
you everything you need,
from customer tech support, you know,
you can have a company do your
third-party tech support for you,
to electronic product retailing,
to CD replication,
to complete inbox fulfillment,
and inventory control management.
You can learn everything you guys need
to take your product from concept,
through to coding,
through to distribution,
and into retail is available
for you to take advantage of.
And once you get into market,
one of the biggest things you can
do for yourself is the Mac logo.
You know,
customers are walking through a store,
there's thousands of products in a store,
and how are they going to know your
product is what they're looking for?
They're not going to spend
much time reading the
information that's on the boxes.
The Mac logo is one of the
best things you can do.
Put the logo on the box,
it immediately tells customers that
are looking for your products that,
"Yep, I'm the product you're looking for,
I run on the platform," and it's a
great program to take advantage of.
It's free, and the artwork is all online.
You just have to sign
a licensing agreement,
download the artwork,
put it on your boxes, and away you go.
You can also use it on your website,
and we encourage you to.
If you do electronic retailing, again,
don't make your customers read about
whether this is the application for them.
Give them that visual identifier.
Let them know that, "Yep, this is it."
Another thing is the
Macintosh Products Guide.
You know,
one of the biggest things about the
Mac platform is when customers buy a Mac,
they're coming back to Apple to find
out about information on products that
they want to use on their platform.
The Macintosh Products Guide gets over
47 million users a year who are coming to
find information out about your products.
It's available in six versions: UK,
Australia, Japan, Germany, France,
and Germany.
And it's a great way for you
guys to get exposure for your
product under Apple's umbrella.
It's free to put your product in.
You can go to the home page of the guide,
and there's a link right there that says
"Developer Product Submission." Go there,
submit your product,
and the whole world then has
access to your product information.
It also has an ad program
you can look into to use the
Macintosh Products Guide as
a great marketing vehicle.
Again,
under Apple's umbrella to make sure
you're getting the word out about
your product to your customer base.
Another good thing is new arrivals.
This is an electronic newsletter that
we publish biweekly that lets the world
know that your new product has arrived.
Almost 600,000 people view this document,
and they're constantly looking for what
are the newest things from Mac OS X.
They're hungry for it,
and especially now with Tiger,
what are the new applications that
are taking advantage of those new
technologies that Apple put into Tiger?
This is a great way to let them know.
The attach rate from this is huge.
The customers come in,
it's well over 50%. They click on
these products and they go back to
the developer's website to find out
specific information about those
products and how they work for them.
Another great program we
have is if you're in retail,
is Hot Deals.
Hot Deals is something we have set
up with our major retail partners,
and it gets over a
million viewers a year.
What it is,
is it allows... we've hooked up with
our retail partners like CopUSA,
AudioMidi, Sweetwater,
some of the Mac Zones, Mac Connection,
and we say, "Look, give us great deals on
our developers' products.
We'll promote those to the world via the
web." And that's what Hot Deals does.
It's free to retailers, it's free to you.
Customers actively come to this thing,
and the click-to-purchase rate
is 32%, which is astounding.
The industry average is .1 to
.2% click-to-purchase rate.
This is a 32% click-to-purchase rate,
which is unheard of.
Some of the retail partners
in Hot Deals get as high as 45
to 50% click-to-purchase rate.
So it's something that is
great to take advantage of.
If you're in the retail channel,
go to your retail partners and say,
"Look, I want to take advantage of
Apple's Hot Deals programs.
They'll let us know what your offer is,
we'll throw it on the page,
and then we take care of
marketing it to the world.
The world will know about it,
and they flood that program and take
advantage of those deals." Another thing
is Mac OS X downloads on the Apple.com.
It's one of the most popular
sections of the Apple.com website.
Again,
people are... they just can't get enough
of the new products that are coming
out and information on those products.
They're hungry for it.
It's your products.
A million people a day go to this thing
looking for information on new products.
And over 200,000 of them
download those products.
It's demo-ware, it's trial-ware,
it's free to you guys.
It's a huge marketing benefit that
you should be taking advantage of.
Marketing doesn't have to cost you guys
a lot of money to be very effective.
200,000 people a day are downloading
your products to take advantage of it.
So make sure you take advantage of it.
advantage of it.
And then the last thing I want to touch
on really quick is the Apple Store.
One of the biggest
questions that we get is,
"How do I get my product
in the Apple Store?" Well,
there is no one hard
and fast answer to that,
but if you do have a product that you
think would be really good in the store,
we want to hear about it.
When you submit your product to
the Macintosh Products Guide,
there's a section right in there
that says that you can fill out
to have your product considered
for inclusion in the store.
And every week,
our retail team is culling through
that list and picking out products that
might be a great fit for the store.
And not just one or two stores,
but our worldwide stores.
So if you're interested
in being in the store,
that's the single best way to
start taking advantage of that.
And we've covered a lot of
different programs today,
and there's tons more.
And instead of having to remember all
bunch of different URLs or scavenging
through the entire developer website,
there's a quick start page you can
go to and have links to all these
programs and dozens and dozens more.
So take a minute and write that down.